These mods don't add any parts to the game, they don't add anything visual (most of the time) but they are tools that make your life 100% easier in ksp game time. In my opinion, all of these are MUST HAVE !

### Superfluous Nodes
https://spacedock.info/mod/2064

### B9PartSwitch
https://github.com/blowfishpro/B9PartSwitch/releases/latest

### PWB Fuel Balancer Restored
https://spacedock.info/mod/2041

### [x] Science! Continued
https://github.com/Flupster/KSP-X-Science/releases

### All Y'All
https://spacedock.info/mod/628

### Better Burn Time
https://spacedock.info/mod/21

### Connected Living Space
NO UPDATE VERSION YET ==> https://spacedock.info/mod/190

### Docking Port Alignment Indicator
http://spacedock.info/mod/543

### Click Through Blocker
https://spacedock.info/mod/1689

### Toolbar Controller
https://github.com/linuxgurugamer/ToolbarControl/releases

### Toolbar Continued
https://github.com/linuxgurugamer/ksp_toolbar/releases

### Ship Manifest
NO UPDATE VERSION YET ==> https://spacedock.info/mod/189

### Community Resource Pack

### Engine Lighting
NO UPDATE VERSION YET ==> https://spacedock.info/mod/272

### Trajectories
https://spacedock.info/mod/396

### Tweak Scale
https://spacedock.info/mod/127

### Persistent Rotation
NO UPDATE VERSION YET ==> https://spacedock.info/mod/447
Unofficial ==> https://github.com/leatherneck6017/PersistentRotation/releases

### Kerbal Joint Reinforcement Continued
https://github.com/KSP-RO/Kerbal-Joint-Reinforcement-Continued/releases

### Tac Fuel Balancer
https://spacedock.info/mod/640

### Portrait Stats
https://spacedock.info/mod/133

### Science - Full reward!
https://spacedock.info/mod/74

### RealChute Parachute Systems
https://github.com/StupidChris/RealChute/releases/latest

### Safe Chute
https://spacedock.info/mod/280

### Better Crew Assignment
https://spacedock.info/mod/22

### Reentry Particle Effect
https://spacedock.info/mod/819

### LightsOut Relit
https://spacedock.info/mod/2077

### Auto Asparagus
https://spacedock.info/mod/281

### Gimbal For All
https://spacedock.info/mod/185

### Atmosphere Autopilot
https://spacedock.info/mod/683

### GPO Speed Fuel Pump
https://spacedock.info/mod/546

### Transfer Window Planner
https://spacedock.info/mod/713

### Hullcam VDS Continued
https://spacedock.info/mod/885

### Kerbal Alarm Clock
https://spacedock.info/mod/699

### Hangar Grid
https://spacedock.info/mod/244

